c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\L8-Kristinaitis.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\L8-Kristinaitis.pdb
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\accoremgd.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AcCui.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\acdbmgd.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\acmgd.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AcMNUParser.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AdUiPalettes.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AcDx.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AcDxPublishUi.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AdWindows.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AcMr.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AcWindows.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\AcTcMgd.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\Autodesk.AutoCAD.Interop.Common.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\en-US\acdbmgd.resources.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\en-US\AcDx.resources.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\en-US\AcDxPublishUi.resources.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\en-US\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\en-US\AcMr.resources.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\bin\Debug\en-US\AcWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\obj\Debug\L8-Kristinaitis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\obj\Debug\L8-Kristinaitis.dll
c:\users\gasis\Desktop\visual studio 2015\Projects\L8-Kristinaitis\L8-Kristinaitis\obj\Debug\L8-Kristinaitis.pdb
